this is probably customs
research project that was developed
at the university of zurich
It was exactly one year into the world
come development time comes exactly
nine months
rainbow today special except for one
of it could be specially developmental
that is contrary to the whole
normal robots rather than must be comfortable in
joints muscles and long walk
People
We tried this at Hofbrau
to copy in any case of man
and we want to understand how
works that is not the guards
we've ever got that over people
600 muscles that embodies and yes
no problem at all to rise
that part fixes everything if and
but it is like the extreme tension
sent out again worked
Europe was built now
as I said these nine months and one
few months no research project what
We announce the driving mountain but known
cooperated with a lot of companies
Max sponsored us all the engines
and only sent film
cooperated with the goal is
really very short time is
actually finish
because, of course, most of them
help guide in japan
30 40 50 percent discount I need the
other 50 percent, of course, too
and because that is not so easy
to get this money has one
campaign made where you can say his
buy names on hawaii and why they
all these logos and took those too
on it when it comes to private individuals or
small companies how do you say who
really good thing and i would
It likes to support exactly
and the next step
how do you make such a robot in the world
in which butter is not at all he is
already finished what we made there
have developed a theater at the
hobby
in this piece is virtually covered
This theater is also now becoming
yet again listed
also this art and these the
Science is very important
is still really for me
try quasi use pampers to
Build so you thought that installed
the people with the people remained
Do you accept what is legal
It also fixes port Beck and
such things
because euro in itself is really a kind
message is more a lighthouse
said that over the
that 's a very interesting one
interesting way of building robots
in contrast, ministers continue to take
with research projects
you can see that for example here
that firefox research projects
the project europe
then you see that we did
also available joints and the again
well selling are modular balanced
quite so positive
that is one direction the other
go on
the other more interesting announced
this is a brain project
research project if an attempt is made
system with which you very much
Great global network of ideally
commented to stimulate
but it is so you can one
Do not understand higher if you do not
also the associated body now
superimposed and understand the environment
was another important point for us
just because he just in the head and
quite the robot is and only one
couple of games time
the divorce has no goal no bra
no answer
he can be so fall
a banker
a dog with no
there is not any
in the crisis goes